feat: restructure camunda forms documentation (#1228)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/components/modeler/forms/configuration/forms-config-options.md

---
id: forms-config-options
title: Options Source
description: How to configure an options source on a form field
---

## Options Source

> Certain Form Fields work from a set of pre-populated options that your user will want to select from, such as the [Radio](../form-element-library/forms-element-library-radio.md) or [Select](../form-element-library/forms-element-library-select.md) fields. This source can be configured a multitude of ways, described below.

Reviewer: Grammarly suggests

```suggestion
Certain form fields work from a set of pre-populated options that your user will want to select from, such as the [Radio](../form-element-library/forms-element-library-radio.md) or [Select](../form-element-library/forms-element-library-select.md) fields. This source can be configured in many ways, as described below.
```

> ### Static :: Configured on the form schema

Reviewer 2: @christinaausley what are your thoughts on this? From a technical standpoint, I think this might create some challenges with how Docusaurus creates anchor links, but I'm not sure.

Reviewer 3: Ah, yes. Regardless of Docusaurus' reaction, I really try to avoid any punctuation in headers as I've seen them cause complications in the past.

The options will be defined directly on your form schema, the only way to modify them in the future will be to change the form definition itself.

The static options groups will appear to allow configuration of the individual options.

![Static Options Group Image](../assets/static-options-group.png)

> The `values` correspond to the data which will be submitted from the form, and the `label` that which will be visually displayed to the user. You may configure as many options as you want by making use of the add (+) button in the top right.

Reviewer: Do you mean "Value" (the UI label)?

> ### Input data / Driven by process data

Author: I'm not sure actually, do we expect our users to know the inner workings of our tools to this extent / does it bring any value to them as documentation? I think we shouldn't expect them to be configuring forms manually, so the inner workings probably shouldn't be documented. What do you think?

> ### Input data / Driven by process data

Reviewer: The reason I thought about this was that we mention `values` a couple of lines above. If we decide not to mention technical attributes, I'm fine with that 👍

> ### Input data :: Driven by process data

Reviewer 2: @christinaausley same comment here.

Reviewer 3: Same thoughts here 👍

> The options will be mapped from form variables, similarly to how [Form field data binding](./forms-config-data-binding.md) works. Here, the `Input values key` property within the `Dynamic Options` configuration group is used to set which form variable to use as a source.

Reviewer 3: Rather than say "will be" I would say "The options **are** mapped from form variables..." or "The options **are then** mapped from form variables..." -- all about active voice.
